##Sentiment Analysis of Movie Tweets
Sentiment analysis is a type of problem in Natural Language Processing. This project analyzes the sentiment of the movie tweets. It scores each tweet where positive number implies postive sentiment and negative number implies negative sentiment. Project is completely based on unsupervised learning.

####main.py
This is the file we run to execute the project. It has the class Project which has several methods depending on the step you are performing in the project. Methods have been called in the main function of the file.

#####pymysql.py
This has class DB, which is a wrapper over the python-mysql connector. It maintains the connection, configuration of the connection and cursor for the query. Pass in the paramaters user, password and db for connecting.

#####lexicon.py
Class Lexicon holds the lexicon generated by the Preprocess class. It also has methods which gets the lexicons from the already sentimentally marked words.

#####corpus.py
Class Corpus uses the class DB and generated the corpus for the project. Corpus stores the value of dataSet, negatives(predefined list of negations) and stopWords(predefined list of stop words).

####scoring.py
Class Scoring inherits the class Preprocess class. Scoring has two methods of scoring one is zagibolov and other is basic method. Scoring holds method, lexicons(dictionary), lexicon_count(dictionary), negatives and stopWords.

####preprocess.py
Class preprocess.py has various methods for processing the sentences or phrases or words. It holds the stopWords, processed_data(after preprocessing of the data initially) and seeds(generated).


The file project_major is a sql file which has the data required for the sentiment analysis. Import this data file.